Kitana. I have something for you.
It will protect you.
It's magnificent. Father.
It was a gift from Lord Raiden. the god of thunder.
If anything happened to me. he was always there to listen.
Shao Kahn is coming. Your Majesty.
What happens if you lose?
Don't worry about it.
But what if he's too strong?
Strength is not a closed fist.
The force is here.
And here.
You are strong. Kitana.
Shao Kahn. emperor of the Otherworld. sought to unite the different kingdoms under a single rule.
Hers.
But the Ancient Gods had put certain precautions in place.
Our destinies would not be determined by the size of our armies.
They would be decided by the fight.
The rules were simple.
If one kingdom could win ten tournaments in a row. it would gain domination over the other.
The Otherworld would be allowed to plunder Edenia's resources.
And to enslave our people.
It was the final tournament.
Our last chance.
All our greatest warriors had already fallen.
Only one fighter remained.
My father.
King Jared of Edenia.
But he was facing the greatest warrior in Outworld.
Shao Kahn himself.
I bow down before you.
We'll see.
Kitana. close your eyes.
Close your eyes. right now.
Now it belongs to me.
or they all die.
Your father shouldn't have brought you here.
Kitana. you are my daughter now.
Kitana!
Surrender.
Are you making fun of me?
You're the one who taught me.
Everything is a weapon.
You give in.
What do you have there?
It's nothing.
Out?
It's been 20 years today. Liam. since you burned me out as your bodyguard.
I know what Shao Kahn took from you.
And if you had been vicious or cruel to me. no one would have held it against you.
But you treated me like a member of the family.
Like a sister.
You are my sister.
In every sense that matters.
I bought you something.
For the tournament.
I was told that a real princess should sit on cushions fanning herself.
So I thought to myself. you're not really the cushion type.
That's incredible.
Hello. Mother.
I was starting to think you were avoiding me.
I was busy training for the tournament.
GOOD.
Because I called upon the Ancient Gods and the tournament to make it begin.
Let Raiden search for his little champions.
They will simply be the first to die.
And Earthrealm will be mine.
Why is he here?
I have a mission for Shen soon.
I hope you bring good news. wizard.
My spies have located the relic.
She was last seen in Raiden's temple. where she was stolen by the mercenary Kano.
We saved the amulet. Shenandoah.
It is said that the amulet can heal any injury.
To transform a man into a god.
To charge the amulet. an impossible amount of power would be required.
We would need to capture a star from the firmament.
A star?
A god.
Outworld has issued its challenge. and the Old Gods have spoken.
When the sun has disappeared. the first round will begin.
Mortal Kombat is upon us.
Ultimately. we're still missing a champion.
It's showtime.
Ready. my beauty?
You should have brought more people.
This is the wrong path.
Johnny Cage.
Hi everyone. I've finished my day.
Mr. Cage. you have been chosen for Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat. hein?
What is a fan film?
It's a fighting tournament.
Yeah. it's not really my thing anymore.
Unless it's for a pill that hurts.
Rather. it's for the destiny of the entire human race.
Tell me you're not deranged fans.
Absolutely not fans.
Okay. okay. no need to say 'absolutely'.
You have been chosen as one of the champions of Outworld.
The gods have chosen you. Mr. Cage.
Well. I think it's time for you to clear out.
But I love cosplay. you know.
What's this? 'The Adventurers of China'?
A fantastic film.
Listen. I know how it may sound. but he's telling the truth.
Very soon. the champions will be summoned to fight. and you will be one of them.
The fate of your world rests on the outcome of this tournament.
Fantastic.
I'll see you there.
Thank you for coming.
Drive carefully and say hello to Dumbledore for me.
We'll have to show it to him.
How do you do that?
Come with us. Mr. Cage. and discover the man you were destined to be.
So. are you coming or what?
Where the hell am I?
It's okay. you're still on Earth.
Welcome to Raiden's Celestial Temple.
Robotic arms?
This guy has robotic arms.
We served together in the army.
This is Jax Briggs. from the Special Forces.
This is Ko-Yung.
His armor absorbs attacks and makes him stronger.
He is a descendant of Scorpion. one of the greatest warriors of the Underworld.
This is Liu Kang.
He's the best fighter we have.
The shot is good.
I feel like it's cheating. but okay.
It's kind of a joke that you have these incredible powers and I'm just. you know. incredibly handsome.
It would take months of training to unleash your powers.
We don't have that kind of time.
Yeah. and whose fault is it?
If you knew it was going to happen. why did you wait until the last second to find me?
We had another champion. Kung Lao.
Oh. great. so I'm just a fucking substitute.
He was assassinated by Shang Tsung.
Wait. murdered?
Come on. you can't be serious. can you?
I mean. it must be against the rules.
You can't just go and kill people like that.
It's not called Mortal Kombat for nothing.
I. Gandalf!
Send me back.
I want to go home.
Johnny. attends.
No. no.
You said tournament. which implies rules. a referee. and I don't know. maybe a doctor. not some fucking Squid Game-style murder party.
The guy wants to leave. let him go.
We don't need him.
Listen. if you want to get into the octagon with a bunch of happy assholes who don't know how to lose. go ahead.
But I don't have transformer arms. I don't shoot lightning bolts or fireballs. nor do I do anything else that Flame Fingers does.
So excuse me if I don't sign up to get crushed.
You weren't wrong. Mr. Cage.
Nine times we were challenged and nine times we lost.
And now. 20 years later. Shao Kahn is seeking the other half of the kingdom for his domain.
This is a war for the fate of your world.
Listen. Cage. I understand.
All of us.
A stupid cosmic lottery decided that it was up to us to save the world.
It's terrifying.
Do you want to know the last thing I did before coming here?
I said goodbye to my wife and little girl.
The two most important things in my life.
There's a good chance I'll never see them again.
And that suits me.
Because I know that if I die there. I die for them.
If we lose one more time. the Earth is lost.
And our only chance is to face this together.
You. Johnny Cage. are part of this now.
I hate that.
Johnny. even if you leave. the Old Gods can still call you to battle.
Not if they can't find me.
So what are you going to do. huh?
Are you just going to go hide?
No. first I'm going to drink all the beers on the planet. then I'll go hide.
Because this shit has nothing to do with me.
I am not a great warrior.
I'm not a champion. okay?
I am an actor.
And before that. you were the guy with five black belts and a world-class bodyguard.
Yeah. I've seen some of those old fights.
You could have been one of the best.
But I wasn't.
And that was a long time ago.
The guy you want is dead and buried.
Or maybe he's still there. trying to get out.
Hey. listen.
I'm 90% sure I have a ruptured aneurysm and this is some kind of shitty coma dream.
But in case this shit is real. good luck with this whole saving the world thing.
Know that when you died. it wasn't your so-called friends who brought you back.
It wasn't Lord Raiden. the great imposter.
It was Shao Kahn.
Rise now. as the champion of Outworld.
Xyla. we have recovered the package.
Send your disciples to Earth.
What were they doing there?
Simply recovering lost property. my dear.
On your father's orders.
What is this ?
I think it's called a Kano.
A guard dog. please.
You are Johnny Cage.
That's what it says on the label.
Holy shit.
J'adore Citizen Cage.
When I was a kid.
Thanks. man. I appreciate it.
Dude. do you know what they should do?
They should make another Citizen Cage.
Like a reboot.
Come on. man. let me breathe.
Nobody wants that.
What ?
Do you think the world is clamoring for Johnny Cage's return?
Hein ?
Non.
They want something realistic. something concrete; they want Keanu Reeves to kill a thousand guys with a pencil.
That's what people want.
That's what people want to see.
Not a dinosaur doing karate poses.
That was good in the 90s.
I thought it was pretty cool.
Where the fuck is my eye?
Blondie.
The tournament has begun.
Today. you fight for Earthrealm.
For the lives of everyone you've ever known.
If you fail. the Earth fails with you.
Two of our champions will be chosen to compete today.
The winners will advance to the next stage of the tournament.
The losers will be eliminated.
To death.
It depends on the winner.
Maybe don't lose.
Well. it looks like it's my lucky day.
Wait. I have this.
I thought you said there were two of us fighting.
You look a bit down. Johnny.
You're usually a bit more animated.
One more. thank you. Ed.
An amulet of what. again?
Chinook.
Be careful.
Don't look at me with that tone.
Large. discolored dildo.
I just died.
And my fucking eye disappeared.
Stop complaining all the time.
We can build you another one.
Why isn't he a ghost like the others?
It wasn't worth the time or effort.
This one has almost no soul left to corrupt.
Ha !
Did you hear that. Mugglewood Pop?
Hahahaha!
Go ahead. my handsome one.
Where is the amulet you took from Raiden's temple?
I don't know.
Probably in my pocket. where I keep all the crap I steal.
Oh. okay.
What if we went to another temple?
What do you think?
It could be...
Ha ha. yes.
She called her.
Oh!
Here we are.
I don't see it.
Louie !
We could have left him to die.
Hey!
First. back up.
And where are you going with that?
I'm going to take it to my father.
Unfortunately. princess. it seems you are needed elsewhere.
Hey. you disgusting mime.
I stole it there. no argument.
Good luck.
Each flame represents a fighter.
The tournament ends when one side no longer has any champions.
Hi. how are you. darling?
Listen. I'm warning you.
I won a Saturn Award for Best Female Fighter in a Feature Film. so don't mess with me.
Whoa !
Whoa. easy now. okay?
Let's take a break and talk about it. okay?
I'm really not comfortable with the idea of ​​hitting a girl.
Don't worry. you won't do it.
Whoa. whoa. easy now. let's talk about it!
Why does this strike me?
Finish him off!
The opposing side has already lost a man.
Tragic.
And who are you?
Sindel. Haute Reine d'Edenia. consort du grand Shao Kahn.
They are sending their queen into battle?
Non.
We are sending our best warriors.
Phew.
No offense. my dear. but you look like you're dead.
I have been freed from my deadly bonds.
Shao Kahn introduced me to the pleasures of eternal life.
Perhaps I'll do the same for you.
What a lovely tour.
Do you want to see mine?
No. thank you. that's fine.
It seems that our forces are now equal.
What did I miss?
Yeah !
Look who's back.
So. was it serious?
The zombie queen.
A little bit of spikes.
Yeah.
That's one hell of a bat.
What happened?
You have been eliminated from the tournament.
You lost.
You were lucky that she was merciful and let you live.
Hey. anyone.
I looked for you everywhere in this rat hole.
You promised me a new eye. and it had better shoot lasers.
I have other priorities.
So what the hell?
If it's to wear more makeup. believe me. you look amazing.
All right ?
Come on. my friend.
I dive headfirst into anything and everything.
I mean. my peripheral vision is messed up.
Completely screwed. my friend.
Okay. then.
Hurry up.
Let's get started.
You don't have to do it right away.
I mean. you need to take a measurement. check the color. or brush your dirty little hands.
Alright.
Let's see.
Don't drive like an idiot on the ground. you piece of trash.
Hey. amulet.
I want it. and don't let the hell drive it.
You have a good eye.
Now. leave me alone.
The amulet does not belong to you.
His powers far surpass your meager understanding. idiot.
Alright.
Let's give it a try.
One two three.
Oh shit.
There's a problem.
Damn. is this in HD?
It's not bad.
How many eyes did you make?
Can you make another one?
You seem troubled. Mr. Gage.
Earth's chances have just worsened by 20%.
I had a chance to do something worthwhile. and I blew it.
So. yeah.
I would say that 'troubled' sums up the situation well.
What is this?
Pills.
Oh.
Are these magic pills for fighting?
Is that how you get your powers?
Birdseed.
Oh. yes. yes. yes.
Birdseed. yes.
I thought you were going to lecture me. but yes.
Chores are a good thing.
You don't need a lesson.
You need perspective.
Perspective. eh?
There are eight billion human beings on this planet. and yet the gods have chosen you.
Perhaps they saw your true potential as a champion of our throne.
Perhaps they were mistaken.
Maybe.
If I encounter the other gods. I will be sure to tell them.
Well. I'm glad you're enjoying all of this so much.
By the way. great motivational speech.
I delivered.
I've already done it.
I've seen him do it before.
It'll be OK.
Princess Kitana has been my eyes and ears in the palace for many years.
We are aware of the risk you took by coming here.
Merci. Kitana.
Wait.
Are you telling me I got my ass kicked by one of the nice girls?
I had to make it look real.
He was watching.
They found Shinnok's amulet.
She was in the possession of a dead mercenary named Kano.
Son of a bitch.
If the Emperor finds a way to charge the amulet. he would be untouchable.
It would be like fighting a god.
Yeah. well. let's try not to do that.
My friend is in the tournament.
Jade was raised under Shao Kahn's army.
Do what you must. but don't make her suffer.
Did you go to another kingdom?
Did you follow me?
I'm trying to keep you alive.
By spying on your friend?
By preventing my friend from making a mistake.
You were plotting with Lord Raiden. the enemy.
I have taken the oath.
With Kitana.
To serve as Shao Kahn's sword.
The second tournament will consist of three fights.
Jax. Cole. Liu Kang.
Too bad.
I have been given a new life.
My son.
Look at this.
Still in this tournament.
But that's not why I'm here.
Kitana!
Non !
What power!
Be careful. wizard.
It doesn't belong to you.
The amulet must be linked to a mortal soul.
I assume you are Jade.
Let's put an end to this.
I was told that you carry the blood of Scorpio.
I can't wait to twirl you around.
You know you're fighting on the wrong side. don't you?
What are you doing down there?
Shit.
Non !
Well. hello.
I hope your ancestors are watching.
For what it's worth. I don't get any pleasure from it.
Are you really going to hate this crap?
Non !
It's for my family.
For my friends.
For every moment that led me here.
It's for the Earth. you son of a bitch.
You are yours until death.
Vas-y.
Do it.
For what ?
Your friend spared one of ours.
Now we're even.
By the way. I love to fight.
Non !
Open my eyes to the truth.
The gods abandoned their creation.
Only Shao Kahn can save us now.
One of these gods raised you.
Loved you.
But you slit his throat.
You are.
You were my brother.
And when you are dead. when your kingdom falls. we will be brothers again.
When you do that.
I will find a way to save you.
I'll take you back.
Not today.
Brother !
Is it...
He is alive.
Barely.
He was looking for you.
Yes. okay.
What happened?
I killed him.
I had no choice.
I'm sorry.
Where is Cole?
He did not return.
Shit.
Give me a legendary warrior.
The one they call Sub-Zero.
I am reborn.
Raiden's portal is already weakening.
It won't last once he's gone.
Why would they have taken his powers?
Shao Kahn is linked to the amulet.
He stole the powers of a god.
The only way to reverse the process is to destroy the amulet.
Okay. we'd better do it before the next round.
So. let's use the portal.
We dive in. grab the crappy magic amulet. destroy it. and get out of there before they even arrive.
The palace has magical protections.
Open a portal and they'll smell you immediately.
So where does this lead us?
There is a tunnel under the castle.
This is the only entrance that is not under constant surveillance.
For what ?
Because it's the service entrance for the Tarkatans.
He is a Tarkatan.
What ?
Wait. what did you do?
It wasn't me. Kitana.
Yes. it's you.
Are you the leader of this clan?
I am Baraka.
I am Liu Kang.
I know how much your people suffered at the hands of Shao Kahn.
He uses you like slaves.
He treats you like wild dogs.
We are wild dogs.
We have come to put an end to Shao Kahn's reign.
Are you going to help us?
Shao Kahn has an army.
Do you have an army?
Non.
So you're wasting my time.
So I challenge you. Baraka. to a duel.
I refuse your challenge.
Now. go.
You know. everyone never stops talking.
Target this. target that.
Big teeth. stabbing arms. ooh. scary.
Nobody mentioned the fact that you're all a bunch of giant cowards.
Okay. maybe don't insult the monsters.
I mean. do you have any idea who you're talking about?
I am Johnny fucking Cage.
And that guy is Liu Kang.
The largest Chani on Earth.
I mean. look. man. I get it.
I would be afraid of him too.
One day. when Shao Kahn is dead. and our world has been defeated.
You will have to tell all your little grandchildren about the Halloween monsters.
that you had the chance to fight the great Liu Kang.
But you were too cowardly.
I accept your challenge.
Thank you for making me angry.
Hollywood negotiations. level 1.
But not him.
My fight is with you.
Me?
So. what did I do?
I find you annoying.
I want to kill you and be done with it.
That would bring me immense satisfaction.
Is this guy serious?
Yeah.
Guys. I'm just a fucking actor. okay?
Johnny Cage is just a character I play. right?
I have stunt doubles who do this shit for me.
It will be up to you to do it.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Chani. you're really going to die.
Oh. okay.
You're going to die.
Yeah. okay.
Absolutely agree.
One minute. Bob.
Guys. you saw me in the tournament.
I can't do that.
No kidding.
That's enough!
On se bat!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
The ground is stable.
Not the face.
Weapon!
Stay on the ground!
That's a stupid way to lose.
Come on. get up.
Get up.
You are an actor.
So. play.
I'm fucking.
It's time.
That was the most beautiful fight I've ever seen!
Look. my brothers and sisters!
To the Russians!
Speed!
The ferocity!
And Chani's mundane phone call!
I have taken you as far as I dare.
The Tarkatans are not allowed in the castle.
You did well. my people.
And one day. I will return as promised.
Then we will complete your training.
May the cries of your enemies echo in your dreams.
And make sure that soft patch isn't on your tongue.
Yes.
And the same goes for you and your enemies and your tongue and the sweet fat.
So. also on your tongue.
We're not going to make it in time.
We have to try.
Let's go. baby.
So. what punishment is fitting for the lost princess?
As you can see. I wouldn't want you to resurrect her.
But perhaps your mother should have another accident.
It might be difficult to perform a resurrection when his skull is dripping between my fingers!
Stop!
Last chance. John!
Where did you go?
Earthrealm !
Towards the Kingdom of Earth.
Did you know that?
I went to find Lord Raiden.
But he had disappeared.
His champions too.
I don't know what happened to them.
All I know is that I am alone.
Take her to the village square.
May the princess's betrayal serve as a warning to all.
Exit.
I know she's like a sister to you.
What you just did was no small thing.
I still remember the little girl we bought from the arena fights.
But I say today that I made the right choice.
We'll cover more ground if we split up.
Find the amulets.
And what do we have here?
Raiden sends one of his miserable followers.
A gift. from a dying god.
He is the son of the dragon.
And I'm going to watch you burn!
Amulets!
Protect the amulet!
I'm keeping it safe.
You filthy beast!
You're next.
Come on guys.
This way.
You. in the middle.
A little bit over there.
And you. there.
Just one step forward.
Let's talk terms.
Terms of what?
And what are you going to do?
Old Kano will arrive on his big white horse to save you all. you bunch of assholes.
I told you to stop.
You forced his hand.
It had to end like this.
It's not too late.
He begs for her forgiveness.
You cannot stand against him.
None of us can do it.
He's too strong.
We are better than them.
Ah good ?
Damn. you've seen better days.
What do you want. Kano?
Well. for now. I think I want you to win this thing.
Nonsense.
Dude. have you seen our world?
Are you Edenia?
I mean. it's just pebbles. sand and sad people. for fuck's sake.
I want to get out of here.
I like air conditioning.
And beer.
Unlimited red sticks.
Sunburn.
And one-night stands.
And threesomes.
And foursomes.
Jack and Coca.
Just Jack.
Just Coca-Cola.
And why should we trust you?
Because I know where Bi-Han takes the amulet.
Netherrealm.
What is the Netherrealm?
The realm of the dead.
A place of fire.
And of punishment.
That looks nice.
I can't wait to go.
And given how things stand. you still have enough juice to get us there. so here's what I think.
The amulet is broken.
We're getting your powers back.
Shao Kahn becomes mortal again.
Yeah. yeah.
We'll kill that bastard.
We're saving the world.
The handsome guy puts me in a wrist lock.
Everyone wins.
Haha!
So. you idiots. are you coming?
On and off. brothel!
Would we have been stuck there?
We'll never know.
What you did...
It was still worth it.
You have changed. Mr. Cage.
That's what we call taking a step back.
You will not survive the Netherrealm without a guide.
You have no business being here.
I'm 100% in.
What is this place?
Reality is thin in the Kingdom of Shadows.
It's a place where nightmares roam.
But dreams can also be exploited.
If the will is strong enough.
Fucking hell.
You gotta try this page. man.
You know. I'm trying to scare you with all these stories about devils. pitchforks and all that nonsense.
I knew hell would be a pretty nice place.
We were sent by Lord Raiden.
We need a guide.
Then you've come to the wrong place.
I'm sorry.
Behan. what is it?
What is a Behan?
Nothing is Behan.
It's Sub-Zero. you idiot.
You know. he killed your whole family or something like that.
I mean. they tried to explain it to me. but...
To be honest. I wasn't ready to listen.
Hanzo Hasashi will destroy you.
In hell. there is always my god.
Are you keeping the place warm?
Raiden sent his last warriors to the Shadow Realm.
They are going to retrieve the amulet.
That means there's no one left to guard Lord Raiden.
If we lose this amulet. we lose everything.
Shao Kahn will be deprived of his power. and our empire will fall.
Send me there.
I'll protect the amulet while you take care of Raiden.
I thought your loyalty would be to your princess.
Kitana has made her choice.
Behan is here.
Hanzo Hasashi will destroy you.
You fight all men.
I'm not here for their war.
I'm here for your life.
You might be surprised.
I am not the same man you killed.
I belong to the shadows. or you belong to the darkness.
They belong to me.
It's like we're the main course.
Let's go kill that bastard.
It's time to end this.
Two more deaths.
And the last round is mine.
It will be mine.
Are you making fun of me?
You have no power?
Just try to be handsome.
Oh. we're doomed.
How do we destroy it?
Well. the fact is. I don't know.
What do you mean. you don't know?
That's your plan.
Don't speak to me in that tone.
Why don't you look at the instructions on the back?
Yes. that's a good idea. but...
Oh. there it is.
Look at.
One ring to rule them all. one ring to...
Don't kid yourself.
Will you let me tell the jokes?
You can stay the asshole.
Course !
I finally understand.
Raiden told me I am not the chosen one.
Your death belongs to another.
My journey is to bring Kona back.
This is not the end.
This is just the beginning.
Fight.
Combat.
Congratulations. my daughter.
We just won.
Earthrealm belongs to us.
Non.
Only one fighter remains.
I'm giving up on Outworld.
I renounce your legacy of pain and cruelty.
I renounce you.
Today. I fight for Earthrealm.
Either.
Come here!
For the first time in my life. I punched a tiny fucking cage.
Non.
You're going to die.
And you should run away.
Non.
Just like your father.
You are strong. Kitana.
Please stand up.
Get up.
Please.
We are proud Edenians.
We do not kneel.
A queen.
Do you want to know what makes a hero?
It's not destiny.
It's not something you're born with.
It is discovering that sometimes just one small light is enough to push back the darkness.
It's facing an unimaginable loss.
And find peace on the other side.
It's comforting to know that you are loved.
They'll be there to catch you when you fall.
I tell all this to Raiden.
And he looks at me.
And he said: You...
You have taught us so much. Mr. Cage.
THANKS.
Thank you for sharing your wisdom.
And you know what I tell him?
What did you say?
I said. that's not wisdom. my friend.
It's a matter of perspective.
Odd.
That's not how I remember it.
They.
I was just telling those guys how we saved all the kingdoms.
Ensemble.
Okay. listen.
I may have taken some creative liberties.
Contemplate.
The human woman you saved from the Spyrus pits.
Serious ?
Two or three creative liberties.
Yeah. I have to admit it.
I thought you'd run back to Hollywood at the first opportunity.
I made a promise to those guys.
Hollywood can wait.
Oh shit.
Tell me there isn't another tournament.
Non.
Outworld has been defeated.
Earthrealm has been saved.
So. uh...
What are you doing here?
We have lost far too many of our champions.
It's time to bring them home.
Did someone call a necromancer?
It may look like Voldemort's testicles. but trust me.
We're going to name him. that bastard.
Hello. Blondie.
It's been ages.
Ready for your next lesson?
For the glory of Johnny Cage.
Let's go get our friends.
Then. Kano is killed.
Yeah. yeah.